# Test_R
A. The overall purpose of this project was to create/train a model that was as accurate as possible for predicting the number of 
  bicycle rentals every hour of every day for almost 2 years in Washington D.C.   
B. The .gitignore file is a list of files and folders to ignore in the project, the git_test.R file is the summary data for the project under which the code used to create the model: Bike Share Competition.R is located. The results of my model's predictions are in the MySubmission.csv file. 
C. For cleaning the data, I removed the casual and registered variables as it was easier to create a model based on the overall count without their sub-counts in the data at all. For feature engineering, I created the hour and month variables from the datetime variable, transformed the count into a log(count) because the data was left-skewed, and turned the season, holiday, month, and hour variables into factors as they were categorical variables I used in evaluating the data and my model. I also created dummy variables from season and encoded the season variable using target encoding since it had 4 different values. I also created plots of the data to see which variables were most correlated with counts, or if the data set had missing values (which it did not).  
D. For generating predictions, I trained a model using the random forest "ranger" method using the variables count (actually log(count)), season, holiday, atemp, weather, and hour. I gave each parameter 11 values for the model to pick from and used a trainControl method of repeated cross-validation ("repeatedcv") grouping the data into 6 groups (times = 6) and repeating the method twice. After confirming the model looks appropriate (by plotting), I created the predictions by entering the test data set into my model and creating counts, then transforming the log(counts) results back into normal counts.
